host file_server
compression yes
passwordauthentication yes
compressionlevel 9
controlmaster auto
identityfile ~/.ssh/keys/id_rsa
controlpersist 120
controlpath /tmp/.%u.%r@%h:%p
user admin
forwardx11 no
hostname 10.0.1.1
host desktop
compression yes
passwordauthentication yes
compressionlevel 9
controlmaster auto
identityfile ~/.ssh/keys/id_rsa
controlpersist 120
controlpath /tmp/.%u.%r@%h:%p
user main
forwardx11 yes
hostname 10.0.2.1
host vm_archlinux
compression yes
passwordauthentication yes
compressionlevel 9
controlmaster auto
controlpersist 120
user main
controlpath /tmp/.%u.%r@%h:%p
identityfile ~/.ssh/keys/vm
forwardx11 no
hostname 10.16.2.3
host vm_ubuntu
compression yes
passwordauthentication yes
compressionlevel 9
controlmaster auto
controlpersist 120
user main
controlpath /tmp/.%u.%r@%h:%p
identityfile ~/.ssh/keys/vm
forwardx11 no
hostname 10.16.2.2
host vm_debian
compression yes
passwordauthentication yes
compressionlevel 9
controlmaster auto
controlpersist 120
user main
controlpath /tmp/.%u.%r@%h:%p
identityfile ~/.ssh/keys/vm
forwardx11 no
hostname 10.16.2.1
host github.com
user git
identityfile ~/.ssh/keys/github
host 3.example.com
compression yes
passwordauthentication yes
compressionlevel 9
controlmaster auto
controlpersist 120
user admin
controlpath /tmp/.%u.%r@%h:%p
identityfile ~/.ssh/keys/servers
forwardx11 no
host 2.example.com
compression yes
passwordauthentication yes
compressionlevel 9
controlmaster auto
controlpersist 120
user admin
controlpath /tmp/.%u.%r@%h:%p
identityfile ~/.ssh/keys/servers
forwardx11 no
host 1.example.com
compression yes
passwordauthentication yes
compressionlevel 9
controlmaster auto
controlpersist 120
user admin
controlpath /tmp/.%u.%r@%h:%p
identityfile ~/.ssh/keys/servers
forwardx11 no
